# Tech To Protect - Contest #5

## Home Pro-Tech
### Introduction
This project was started to compete in the [Tech To Protect](https://www.techtoprotectchallenge.org/) challenge, specificially for [contest #5](https://www.techtoprotectchallenge.org/contest/contest-005/). We created the idea in order to address what we saw as a large gap in the use of technology by firefighters and first responders. While pursuing our idea, we realized that there is also a viable business idea in using 3D modeling and machine learning in order to play the middle man between home insurance companies, city and county fire departments, and homeowners. Using the data generated by the user and the automated generation of the machine learning models, we will be able to increase the efficiency of the emergency responses to houses within our network, while also providing savings to the homeowners by ensuring that their homeowners insurance company is continually updated with their pre-incident plan and fire safety checklist. 

### Knowledge Gathering
We interviewed multiple firefighters in the Denver area, and were able to compile a large amount of information concerning the current gaps in emergency responses. These included not having any idea of home floor plans, not knowing if residents of the home had medical conditions that could interfere with rescues, and not having any idea of the clutter level or hazards that could be in the home. These problems could be solved using machine learning on point clouds in order to do item detection and floor plan generation.

### Process
This will be accomplished by incentivising the homeowners to take multiple pictures and/or videos of each room and using those photos or videos to create a point cloud rendering of the room. This will allow the creation of floor plans using this data and also of image recognition using the images/videos and the point cloud. 

